This black martial barrier
Enough to resist the power level of the saint powerhouse
It seems that this Holy Land is not a false reputation
This swordsmanship is somewhat advanced
Why does it look so familiar?
Remember this swordsmanship
You won't be bullied again
I grew up without a father or mother
Bullied
Thanks to my benefactor for passing on my swordsmanship
Can you tell me your name, benefactor?
Could it be that this Zixiao Holy Land is the sect he established?
Stop
What did you practice?
Brothers
Practice, don't be lazy
Take advantage of the Holy Master's retreat
Come to the dog
What did you just say?
Louder
Do you think that's what I call your mother?